Great. So here I am back in our dropout section.
So far, I have only pasted in the model from earlier on.
So let's go ahead and add these dropout layers to our model and then train it.
Again, remember we don't want to add a dropout layer after our input layer.
So I'm not going to put it in between this first flatten and dense layer.
I'm going to go ahead and add it on this line,
and we'll add tf.keras.layers.Dropout and we'll set the rate to 0.2.
In fact, because I'm setting the rate to 0.2 multiple times,
probably makes sense to just go ahead and say that I'll
add a dropout equal to 0.2 up here,
or that might be better as rate,
so not confuse it with the layer.
I've added it in here,
make sure I add a comma based on that.
Then again here after the third dense layer,
and again, we don't need dropout at the end.
There's no point for that really.
So we've added our three dropout layers with a rate of
0.2 and we can go ahead and start training.
So that's the solution here.
I will go ahead and skip out on making you sit through the training.
But again, it's pretty easy to add these dropout rates and we'll come back
shortly to see how the results were after adding dropout.
Great, so my training is done.
Let's go ahead and look through on both accuracy
and validation accuracy and see how we performed.
So this time we'll see regular training accuracy hit 91,
while validation accuracy was about 89 percent.
I did about 30 epochs here again,
and we'll notice something pretty different here,
that there is a curve on both of these charts
that follow much better that the training accuracy and the validation accuracy,
which used to have a large gap here,
are much closer now at the end of training and
the training validation loss also end up at a similar point.
Now it's still not amazing performance and
part of that's because we only probably used about 0.2 dropout.
Part of it might also just be our dataset that we need more information.
But either way, we've seen now an improvement we're not over fitting as badly.
It's going to perform better on new data that it has never seen before.
So now that the model has actually been trained,
let's go ahead and use it to perform inference.
We're just going to check this out on an example of 30 images and if they are correct,
we'll print the labels that in green.
If they're wrong, we'll print them in red.
Remember, this is coming from our testing batches here.
So this is data that the network has never seen
before and we can actually see from these images with the green labels,
it's doing pretty well.
You can see even the first three rows here,
it gets everything right and most of them even right in the final three rows.
So we definitely have pretty good performance
here on the test dataset that it's never seen before.
Coming up, we'll look at how to save our train models.
In general, you don't want to have to train a model every time you need it.
So you can save it once,
save it and then load the model when you want to train more or use it for inference.